The App respects and protects the privacy rights of all users who use the Services. In order to provide you with more accurate and personalized services, the App will use and disclose your personal information in accordance with the provisions of this Privacy Policy. However, the App will treat such 
information with a high degree of diligence and prudential duty. Except as otherwise stipulated in this Privacy Policy, the App will not provide such information to the third party without your prior permission. The App will not disclose such information or provide it to third parties without your prior permission. The App may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. When you agree to the Service Use 
Agreement for the Application, you shall be deemed to have agreed to the entire content of this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is an integral part of the Service Use Agreement of the App.

1. Scope of application

In your use of this web service, or access to this web application platform, the application automatically receive and record information on your browser and computer, including but not limited to your IP address, browser type, the use of language, visit date and time, software and hardware feature information and the page you need to record data such as;

Personal data obtained by the App from a business partner through lawful means.

You understand and agree that the following information does not apply to this Privacy Policy:

(1) Keyword information entered by you when using the search service provided by the Application Platform;

(2) Relevant information data collected by the App that you publish in the App, including but not limited to activities, transaction information and evaluation details;

(3) Violation of laws or rules of this app and actions taken by this app against you.

2. Use of information

This application won't come to any irrelevant third party to provide, sell, rent, share or trade your personal information, unless get your permission in advance, or the third party and the application of this application (including affiliates) alone or together to provide the service for you, and at the end of the service, it will be banned from access to be able to access all the information including its before.

The App also does not allow any third party to collect, edit, sell or distribute your personal information for free by any means. If any user of the App Platform engages in any of the above activities, the App has the right to immediately terminate the service agreement with such user.

For the purpose of service users, this application may be through the use of your personal information, provide you with the information you have interested in, including but not limited to sent you product and service information, or to share information with this application partners so that they send you information about its products and services, which need your prior consent).

3. Information disclosure

The App will disclose your Personal Information, in whole or in part, at your personal will or as required by law, if:

To a third party with your prior consent;

You must share your personal information with third parties in order to provide the products and services you require;

To disclose to a third party or an administrative or judicial agency in accordance with the relevant provisions of law or the requirements of an administrative or judicial agency;

If you violate relevant Chinese laws and regulations or this App Service Agreement or relevant rules, you need to disclose it to a third party;

If you are a qualified intellectual property complainant and have filed a complaint, at the request of the complainant, you shall disclose it to the complainant so that both parties can resolve possible rights disputes;

In a transaction created on the App Platform, if any party to the transaction fulfills or partially fulfills its transaction obligations and requests for information disclosure, the App has the right to decide to provide the user with the contact information of the other party and other necessary information to facilitate the completion of the transaction or the resolution of the dispute.

Other disclosures deemed appropriate by the App in accordance with laws, regulations or the Website's policies.

4. Information storage and exchange

Information and data about you collected by the App will be stored in the servers of the App and/or its affiliates. Such information and data may be sent to, accessed, stored and displayed outside the country or region where you are located or where the App collects information and data.

5. Cookie usage

If you do not refuse to accept cookies, the App will set or access cookies on your computer so that you can log in or use the services or functions of the App Platform that rely on cookies. The application uses cookies to provide you with more thoughtful personalized services, including promotion services.

You have the right to choose to accept or refuse to accept cookies. You can refuse to accept cookies by changing your browser Settings. However, if you choose to refuse to accept cookies, you may not be able to log in or use the application network services or functions that rely on cookies.

This Policy applies to information obtained through cookies set by the App

Information security

This application account has security protection function, please properly keep your user name and password information. The application will encrypt the user's password and other security measures to ensure that your information will not be lost, abused or altered. Notwithstanding the foregoing security measures, please also note that there are no "perfect security measures" on the information network.

When using the application web services for online transactions, you will inevitably have to deal with counterparties or potential trading partners

7. Changes to this Privacy Policy

If we decide to make changes to our privacy policy, we will publish these changes in this policy, on our website and where we deem appropriate so that you can understand how we collect and use your personal information, who has access to it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.

The company reserves the right to modify this policy at any time, so please check it often. If we make any major changes to this policy, we will inform you in the form of website notice.

8. Privacy related to children

We value the privacy of children. Although our app is available for use by children, only parents and/or legal guardians or other adults can purchase products. To set up your robot, a parent or guardian should download the app. Product usage information is used only to support our internal operations.

We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13.

After proper authentication, parents or legal guardians can view the information we collect about the child and request that it be deleted or refuse permission for further collection or use of the information. Keep in mind that requests to delete this information may limit a child's access to all or some of the services.

9. Intellectual property rights

You understand and agree that we have the right to inspect the contents you upload or post at any time, and we have the right to delete, re-edit or modify the contents you upload or post if we find that the contents you upload or post do not conform to the foregoing, and we have the right to suspend your account without prior notice to you. 
You also understand, agree and warrant that the content you upload or post complies with the foregoing provisions is your obligation, not our obligation, and we shall not have any obligation to actively review, edit or modify the content you upload or post.

If your behavior of uploading or publishing content on the software causes damage or loss to a third party, and the third party claims compensation or any other rights derived from it, you shall bear all legal liabilities independently, and we and our partners shall not assume any liability.

Our users to upload or wrong a contents for announcing, legitimacy, integrity, legality or quality to make any guarantee, users need to do because of the use or rely on the content of the transfer by software or resources produced by risk, we in any case for this kind of risk or loss of or damage to the actual bring are not responsible.

10. Legal liability and disclaimer

We will use our commercially reasonable efforts to protect the privacy and integrity of the user's equipment resources and communications, but the user acknowledges and agrees that we cannot provide any warranties in this regard.

We may develop or adjust the functions of the Software in order to improve the functions, user experience and services of the Software according to the usage status and behavior of users

In order to protect the autonomy of business development and adjustment, we have the right to modify or interrupt the software service at any time without notifying users.

We and our partners shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, accidental, special and subsequent damages and risks caused by users' use or inability to use the Software under any circumstances.

If the normal operation of the Service is affected by technical failure or other irresistible events, we and our partners promise to cooperate with relevant units in the first time to deal with and repair in a timely manner. However, we and our partners shall not be liable for all losses suffered by users as a result.

If users contact other users through the software, any psychological, physical injury or economic loss caused or may result from misinformation or deception shall be borne by the faulted party according to law and shall have nothing to do with us and our partners.
